well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today it's the weekend it's the
weekend the president said he wanted
open everything up and like clockwork
there are people out there stroking his
ego showing that Dear Leader can't be
wrong
advocating to open the u.s. back up
right now when all all numbers suggest
that's a really really bad idea but
that's what it takes right now you have
to show your loyalty to the man and the
red hat rather than to your neighbor
there are people who are upset with the
authoritarian measures that some local
governments are taking I get it I get it
though shouldn't be happening
those shouldn't be happening because
they shouldn't be necessary the reason
they're happening is because the
president has shown no leadership he's
holding press conferences that last
hours and still hasn't educated the
American people on the basic facts that
they need if you understood the science
in the history behind this you wouldn't
need a cop to tell you to stay home you
wouldn't need a cop to tell you to take
the minor precautions the minimum stuff
you can do you would know it's a good
idea on your own you shouldn't need a
cop for this you don't need a cop you
need a science book and a history book
the science it's actually really easy
but people get weird when you start
talking about science so we're just
gonna go to history 1918 was the last
time we faced something like this and
just like now there were people who
wanted to ease up early before we had
one
I want you to go back and look at the
spikes that occurred in those locations
that eased up early right afterward
right after they did it history is a
very powerful teacher if you listen
easing up early now is is is wrong it's
the wrong move we're winning but we
haven't won this is working it's working
far better than anybody expected but we
have to keep it up we have to keep it up
and meanwhile you have those who have
just written off a bunch of people we're
doing all of this for 1% 1% of the
population and we're going through all
of this trouble I feel that way about
the whole system you are advocating to
put your friends in your family at risk
for the economic benefit of 1% I know
those of us down here on the bottom us
peons us commoners we have our own
economic issues that we have to deal
with fact but as you worry about how
you're gonna pay your rent your
landlords worried about how he's gonna
pay his mortgage as you worry about not
getting your paycheck the owner of that
company she's worrying about not having
any profits that 1% they have political
connections they have political clout
and they are going to understand that if
an a consumer-driven a common economy
the consumers don't have any money
it all comes crashing down around their
ears the last stimulus was a joke it was
ineffective if the government does not
put money in people's hands now the
whole system comes crashing down around
their ears
if you think opening the u.s. right now
opening everything back up going back to
business as usual
is a good idea you need to get a science
book you need to get a history booking
you need to lose read you need to stop
listening to the guy in the red hat
because he cares about his ego and
nothing else he does not care about you
he never did the only reason he took
action was because he realized that at
some point the numbers of those who
didn't make it we're gonna impact his
approval ratings that's it that's all he
cares about if he cared about you he'd
be holding those press conferences
educating the American people on how to
keep each other safe he wants to be a
leader then he has to lead he has to set
the example but he's not doing that if
we had real leaders real people who
would advise and influence the populace
the authoritarian measures wouldn't be
happening and we're going to talk more
about those because there's some that
are being advocated that are wrong but
right now what matters is we have to
stay at home we have to wash our hands
we have to not touch our face we have to
do the bare minimum to keep each other
safe and not sell each other out because
our betters have told us to die for
their profits anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day